rhv - 46139 additions to VM Portal UI descriptions (#2980)
oVirt/ovirt-site: source/documentation/doc-Introduction_to_the_VM_Portal/topics/Graphical_User_Interface_elements.adoc

.Virtual machines pane

The virtual machines pane displays virtual machine cards with the icon, operating system, name, status, and management options for each virtual machine or virtual machine pool.

* Virtual machine pool cards -  include a colored label of the pool name, an icon, operating system label, name, Allocated VMs number, the number of Available VMs from this Pool, and a button that allows the user to *Take a virtual Machine*.
+

> Virtual machine pools are always displayed for Administrator level users, and for non-admin users that have pooled virtual machines assigned to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Virtual machine pools are always displayed for Administrator level users, and for non-admin users that have permissions to view those pools and take pooled virtual machines out of those pool
```
